Quantile multiyear 2 (actually adding the year-dependent wrapper) (#87)
znicholls/silicone: CHANGELOG.rst

master
------

> - (`#87 <https://github.com/znicholls/silicone/pull/87>`_) Added a cruncher to wrap the quantile rolling windows for different quantiles in different years. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (`#87 <https://github.com/znicholls/silicone/pull/87>`_) Added :class:`TimeDepQuantileRollingWindows`, a cruncher which allows the user to crunch different quantiles in different years. 
```

> - (`#87 <https://github.com/znicholls/silicone/pull/87>`_) Added a cruncher to wrap the quantile rolling windows for different quantiles in different years. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (`#87 <https://github.com/znicholls/silicone/pull/87>`_) Added :class:`TimeDepQuantileRollingWindows`, a cruncher which allows the user to crunch different quantiles in different years. 
```
